Ip ranges docs (#5543)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/ip-ranges.md

 - Cloud
---

Enable CircleCI jobs to go through a set of well-defined IP address ranges.

* TOC
{:toc}

## Overview
{: #overview }

IP ranges is a feature for CircleCI customers who need to configure IP-based access to their restricted environments. As part of this feature, CircleCI provides a list of well-defined IP address ranges associated with the CircleCI service. CircleCI jobs that have this feature enabled will have their traffic routed through one of the defined IP address ranges.

The feature is currently available in preview to customers on any [paid pricing plan](https://circleci.com/pricing/).

## IP ranges: use cases
{: #usecases }

IP ranges lets you limit inbound connections to your infrastructure to only IP address ranges that are verifiably associated with CircleCI.

Some example use cases where IP-based restricted access might be desired include:
- Accessing private artifact repositories
- Pulling dependencies from a CocoaPods proxy hosted behind a firewall
- Running test cases on an internal environment
- Performing integration testing against private AWS resources
- Deploying an internal app with sensitive data
- Granting access to a production network

> Previous to offering IP ranges, the only solution CircleCI offered to configure and control static IP addresses was [CircleCI’s Runner](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/runner-overview/). IP ranges now enables you to meet your IP-based security and compliance requirements using your existing workflows and platform.

Author: ```suggestion
Prior to offering IP ranges, the only solution CircleCI offered to configure and control static IP addresses was [CircleCI’s Runner](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/runner-overview/). IP ranges now enables you to meet your IP-based security and compliance requirements using your existing workflows and platform.
```

 - Cloud
---

Enable CircleCI jobs to go through a set of well-defined IP address ranges.

* TOC
{:toc}

## Overview
{: #overview }

IP ranges is a feature for CircleCI customers who need to configure IP-based access to their restricted environments. As part of this feature, CircleCI provides a list of well-defined IP address ranges associated with the CircleCI service. CircleCI jobs that have this feature enabled will have their traffic routed through one of the defined IP address ranges.

The feature is currently available in preview to customers on any [paid pricing plan](https://circleci.com/pricing/).

## IP ranges: use cases
{: #usecases }

IP ranges lets you limit inbound connections to your infrastructure to only IP address ranges that are verifiably associated with CircleCI.  

Some example use cases where IP-based restricted access might be desired include:
- Accessing private artifact repositories 
- Pulling dependencies from a CocoaPods proxy hosted behind a firewall
- Running test cases on an internal environment 
- Performing integration testing against private AWS resources
- Deploying an internal app with sensitive data
- Granting access to a production network 

> Previous to offering IP ranges, the only solution CircleCI offered to configure and control static IP addresses was [CircleCI’s Runner](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/runner-overview/). IP ranges now enables you to meet your IP-based security and compliance requirements using your existing workflows and platform. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to offering IP ranges, the only solution CircleCI offered to configure and control static IP addresses was [CircleCI’s Runner](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/runner-overview/). IP ranges now enable you to meet your IP-based security and compliance requirements using your existing workflows and platform. 
```
